Add supernode explainer (#20561)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/op-stack/interop/explainer.mdx

*   Learn [how messages get from one chain to another chain](/app-developers/guides/interoperability/message-passing).
*   Learn how [interop handles reorgs and avoids double-spends](/op-stack/interop/reorg).

> *   Read about [op-supernode](/op-stack/interop/supernode), the process that runs every chain in the dependency set together and enforces cross-chain safety.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Read about [op-supernode](/op-stack/interop/supernode), the component that derives every chain in the dependency set together and enforces cross-chain safety.
```
